your entire life is about to change and
in this video I'm going to explain why
you came here for the truth so let me
unveil that for you we've been used to
living on this sugar high this easy
money that's been flowing for so many
years and over the past couple we've
seen that change in today's video I'm
going to explain what has happened and
how that will affect you in the coming
months as we move into a very different
world for 2024 let's begin right here
we've got these articles that come out
and it always happens to mention the
current circumstance of higher interest
rates ah this has been terrible and
people are feeling the burn why are they
doing this but the honest truth is that
the problems are actually from previous
not from now it's from before when they
had interest rates so low for so long
telling everybody that there was no
inflation when we knew it you and I knew
knew exactly what was going on and yet
here we are we have to face the
consequences as a result of easy money
it isn't free Nothing in life is free if
they are willing to hand you a little
bit of something free it's because they
want something in return it's like some
people go to the drug dealers and they
say hey have a little bit because they
know you'll get addicted and then you
come back for more this is the problem
that we have seen with the central banks
and of course the treasury as well doing
out the free cash and they do so in
order to get people corporations and the
government itself to be addicted to that
knowing that they've got to come back
for more and you might be asking
yourself why would they do that knowing
that this going to destroy everything
that the debt is going to expand and
ultimately it's going to ruin their
whole scheme that's the point you see at
the end of this video I'm going to show
you where this is all heading you got to
understand this but the first thing I
need to show you is that you've got job
cuts that are going on in different
Industries this happens to be Hasbro
they are cutting 1100 jobs after
sluggish toy sales persist into the
holidays very unusual I didn't expect
this I really didn't because if you
looked at the amount of dollars that
were spent you know it was very good
online sales were doing well and so on
but you break it down you could
definitely see what's going on this
happens to be 20% of their staff so it's
a huge uh number this is ernston Young
laying off us partners amid tough
economic conditions the big four
accounting firm previously cut 3,000
jobs before so these companies financial
companies auditing companies they are
getting rid of people so this goes goes
across the Spectrum that's what I'm
trying to highlight here okay where does
it go well you have these layoffs you
have the economic malays if you want to
call it that and you have the addiction
to the Sugar High where does it go well
I'm going to give you the final solution
at the end of this but I want to show
you a few things first this is one
during the last 22 years the median real
annual wage as tracked by the social
security payroll tax records has risen
by only
14.5% or just
$235 a year and no we didn't omit any
zeros from that figure can you believe
that when you look at it factoring in
inflation your actual salary your wages
have basically gone nowhere and yet how
is your rent how's your mortgage how's
your car car payment how's your food and
energy and so on all of these things
have skyrocketed right but your real
wages have gone nowhere and that has
been going on during this period of time
in which we've been told everything is a
okay and they pointed the problem a
higher interest rates and yet they
forget head in the sand forget to
mention those super low interest rates
all the money printing buying corporate
bonds of companies like apple the
biggest company in the world not
acknowledging the obvious fact that that
creates problems down the road and so
you see what's going on here this
affects you because it squishes
constricts and reduces your ability to
pay for Essentials people today can't
pay for Essentials you know you can see
this in many different circumstances uh
and unfortunately it hits people so hard
and this is just one
statistic talking about food insecurity
it mentions you know Cambodia at the top
of the list and there's Philippines in
here and so on but let's highlight the
United States
133% of kids are food insecure that
breaks my heart it tells me what's
actually going on um when you look at it
in depth you start to see these type of
statistics and uh I just got to keep
keep it real here this is this is the
circumstance and it's uh unfortunate but
that's what we have to deal
with okay uh the price of rent surged 27
straight months so you see this and of
course month by month you look at the
numbers and not a big deal but when it
does that for two years in a row you
start looking back and you realize my
goodness the price has gone up so high
high you'll see places one bedroom for
2,000 one bedroom for 3,000 in the major
cities in the United States and Canada
even
crazier this is not sustainable
obviously but does that mean that the
landlords are going to have to go around
and reduce their prices look at
Commercial Real Estate look at these
retail establishments on Fifth Avenue
all these fancy places they're just
boarded up they say hey for lease but
nobody's moving in and those landlords
have not put their prices down it's wild
you would think supply and demand
there's going to be these fundamentals
no apparently not because they've been
boarded up for a long time so there is a
wild and wacky circumstance going on
here somewhat of an anomaly historically
the point here is your rent your
mortgage your expenses have gone up
where does this lead if your rent's
going up if if you're getting squeezed
all the way to the very end of this
where does it go hm have you guessed it
yet well let's look at this incredible
distortions in our Marketplace 45% of us
real estate agents say that they are
struggling to pay rent another bad Omen
for the housing market oh don't worry
2024 could be better yes the expectation
here is that the Federal Reserve other
central banks they are going to cut
interest rates
but when nobody's buying nobody's
selling everyone's just kind of sitting
on their hands what does that do to real
estate agents to the Brokers to
everybody else involved of course it
hurts them they were doing really well
like way too many people from 2020 and
on became real estate agents suddenly
because there was this big surge
everybody is moving in moving out and so
there was a need to have them and now it
looks like things have really changed
for a lot of those who don't have the
established clientele Market really not
solid at this time way too much
expansion uh in some categories and then
you see others where nothing's really
happening so it's volatile depending on
where you look prices are going up when
you look at single family homes in a lot
of major cities those prices are
actually year-over-year still going up
Toronto being one example despite
everything so you could see that across
the board Town Homes condos yeah the
those prices have gone down a bit but
when we look at single family homes
still sought after in many areas and so
those prices have risen year over-year
so this is just one more thing where
does it all lead yes spell it this is
just one example co- living apartments
about to open a mid housing crunch
Ottawa River tower has 48 units with
quote optimized version of roommate
living you went to your college you
lived in the residence you came out
thinking all right I don't have to live
with a bunch of strangers anymore that's
great except now that's happening again
it's not once I mean I've shown you in
many cities including New York where
this is becoming more and more and more
common place where you would have some
level of shared space you share the
bathroom maybe or it's a you know an
apartment that you're sharing a lot of
them is like it's a dormatory style so
there's a main washroom for everybody on
the floor and then you get your own room
or you share a room depending on the
circumstance okay that's what's going on
now some people will say not a big deal
no no worries whatever but the point
here is look at where we we've come
that's what this video is about we're
bringing you right here we are getting
squeezed on all of this because the easy
monetary policies bringing us up until
this point they were buying the
corporate bonds of Apple they were
buying the mortgage back Securities
supporting and acting like a crutch to
this system when they should have
allowed the economic detox to take place
so that you and I could get things at
fair market value instead today you are
going to be living with some strangers
your price of food is going to be higher
than ever before and these are the
things that they do step by step by step
in in my opinion on per I mean it's
documented it's all there for you so
that you cannot go up against them so
that you stay struggling so that you
fight against your neighbors and you can
never make ends meet you are weak and
you cannot see what's at the end of the
tunnel you're struggling always
struggling that's how you keep the
masses in
check I could go deeper into that not in
this
video the comment of the day there will
be no fomc rate Cuts inflation is still
at 40% and we have not had massive
unemployment that's what Joe has to or
Joel has to say and some might agreed
you could see that 14 thumbs up but we
will see what happens in time remember
on this channel whatever it is you say
whatever your left or right or up or
down you're welcome to say that I have
people hating on me every single day and
you're welcome to put your comments
you're welcome to disagree with me
you're welcome to say anything that you
like that's what free speech is all
about at least what this platform will
allow any anyway I want to thank you for
those comments if you are in a pickle
well I teamed up with money pickle to
help you get out of that circumstance
when you go to my website link in the
description money pickle you click on
that you can actually get a cfp or a
fiduciary to look at your financial
situation and how much will that cost
not $99 not $50 not even $29 but if you
contact them today it will be a total of
0 that's right I made sure that we were
given a a free service to you they can't
make it a sales pitch this is what I
continue to promote because of the
positive response that I have gotten and
it's totally free on your part so check
them out link is in the description and
of course each and every day I'm
promoting or I'm you know making these
videos happen trying to get this
information to you and I hope that you
do appreciate it hit that thumbs up if
you do and I'll see you tomorrow take
care